Object oriented means directed towards objects. In otherwords, it means functionally directed towards modeling objects.
This is one of the many technicqes used for modeling complex systems by describing a collection of interacting objectsss via theier data and behavior


python OOP is a way of programming that focuses on using objects and classes to designe abd build applicationas.. Major pillars of Object OOP are 
Inheritance, Polymorphism, Abstraction and Encapsulation



why chose OOP
- It provides a great program structure, which makes it easier to map real world problems and thier solutions.

- facilitates easy maintenance and modification of existing code

imparts code reusability

Principles of Object oriented programming
- it is based on the concept of objects rather than actions, and data rather than logic


In order for a programming language to to be object oriented, it should have the mechanism to enable working with classes and objects as well as the implementation and usage of of the fundamental object oriented principles and concepts namely inheritance, Abstraction, encapsualtion and polymorphism.



Encapsulation:
    This propert hides unnecesary details
    , andmake it easier to manage the program strucutre. Each objects implementation and state are
     hidden behind well defined boundaries
      that provides a clean and simlpe
       interface for working with them . One way to accomplish this is by making the data private.



Inheritance:
    This property also called generaliation, allows us to capture a hierarchal relationship, between classses and objcts. e,g a fruit is a generalisation of orange.

Abstraction:
    this prperty allows us to hide detailes and expose only the essential features of a concept or object. e.g a person riding a bicycle knows that on pressing a horn, sound is emmited, but has no idea about how the 
    sound is actually generated.

Polymorphism:
    this property means many forms. That is a thing or action od present in different forms or ways. One goog example of polymorphism is a contructor onverloading in classes


classes are like Modules

    A module is a specialised dic that can store python code so you can get to it with the . operatore. A class is a way to take a grouping of fuctions and data and place them inside a container so you can access then with the . operator.

A class Bundles Together behavior and state


the word behavioris identical to a function. it is a piece of code that does something
the word state is identical to a variables. it is a place to sotre values withing a class

When we asser a class behavior and state Together, it means that a class packages functions and variables






